Work in 1 and 9 for alpha8 release (next will be a beta release)

1. Loading a Planner project

	1.1 Create a Planner project file and create a
	source in Evolution to use it:

	We need to correct the fact that e-d-s could only has
	one MrpApplication. If we need to manage several Planner
	Projects file, we need to see how we do it in Planner with
	several windows.

	The key is that we only need one MrpApplication for all the
	backends objects we can need to manage several Planner data
	sources. We have put this common MrpApplication as a class
	variable so it is shared between all the backends. Great, it
	now works nicely working with several planner files at the same
	time.

	Now we need to take the URL for the backend and load the file
	that the backend has associated with it and not a fixed file. Done.

	It only point to be solved here is that for the moment, we need to
	add sources using "http://<planer_file>". Then the "http://" is	
	translated to "planner://" when Project calendar category is selected.

	OK!

	1.2 Create a Planner project database and create a
	source in Evolution to use it

	We are going to use this point to test also the actual CVS planner
	database system in order to publish planner 0.13. First thing is
	to install postgres and configure it so we can use it from 
	Planner, mainly the access to the database server.

	In Planner you need only a database user that can create databases
	in order to save the data in Postgresql. The best way is to change
	to "postgres" user once you have installed postgres and execute:

	echo 'CREATE USER acs CREATEDB;' | psql -e template1	

	Databases are stored in UNICODE so we don't have probs with UTF8.

	Once you have created the user the it is time to create a little
	plan y Planner and try to save it to database. 

	The URI that Planner needs is:

	sql://acs@localhost#db=plannerdb&id=1

	Using it we can now open with no probs Planner database projects 
	from Evolution and modify them.

	OK for now!
	

9. Backend developing environment:

	9.1 Create in Planner CVS the environment to compile the backend

	Now that we are using plugings it seems it is going to be easier
	to do it.

	Working on it right now.

	9.2. Convert to e-d-s plugin the backend when it is possible

	In e-d-s 1.0 in order to add other backend you need to modify
	the actual e-d-s server code (src/server.c) or you need to create a complete
	new server with support for your backend.

	In e-d-s 1.2, in October first week it will hit the CVS, you
	could create a plugin for your backend that will be loaded from
	the main e-d-s server.

	As expected the new plugin system for loading e-d-s backend modules
	is in placed and it is used by all the backends in Evolution. The
	planner backend has being converted to use it. OK!
